---
layout: post
title: Answers from Someone who doesn&#039;t know SEO
date: 2007-11-30 22:31
comments: true
categories: []
---
I got this email for my co-worker Brett (who is blogless, sorry no link love man). I about crapped my pants and thought that I should share.<br /><br /><b>1.What is the #1 most important Search Engine in the United States?</b><br /><br /><i>DMV Database</i><br /><br /><b>2. Should you exchange links with other websites?</b><br /><br /><i>It depends on the level and how well equipped the other websites link is.</i><br /><br /><b>a. If so, why?</b> <br /><br /><i>A higher level link can help you quest higher dungeons netting you better equipment and gold.</i><br /><br /><b>3.Are you familiar with Pay Per Click?</b>  <br /><br /><i>I think I have this confused with Paper Clique, is this where groups of paper hang out and shun paper from other social castes.</i><br /><br /><b>a.If so, please explain the purpose of these services and where they can be found.</b>  <br /><br /><i>Staples, Office Depot, etc…</i><br /><br /><b>b.Can Pay Per Click help to obtain organic rankings?</b> <br /><br /><i>If they fell into the right Clique it could help their social standing and therefore rank higher… organically.</i><br /><br /><b>4.What is a bounce rate?</b> <br /><br /><i>When you drop a rubber bouncy ball from a tall building, it only comes back up about 60% of the way.</i><br /><br /><b>5.How can you tell if a page is indexed in Google or not?</b> <br /><br /><i>Check it’s table of contents.</i><br /><br /><b>6.Does having a framed website hurt your ability to rank well in the search engines?</b> <br /><br /><i>I should think so, but the severity would be entirely based on what it was framed doing.</i><br /><br /><br /><b>7.If you were given a client who works out of the Trump Tower in New York, what do you think the best title would be for their website?</b>  <br /><br /><i>“I survived the Apprentice and all I got was this crappy website.”</i><br /><br /><b>8.With your keyword research from Question #7, please construct a meta description below.</b>  <br /><br /><i>This may be a misspelling, and I am unsure how “meat” has anything to do with the Trump Tower in New York.</i>
