---
layout: post
title: Yahoo Ambassador Program CANCELLED
date: 2008-07-23 19:57
comments: true
categories: []
---
What this means is <span class="blsp-spelling-error" id="SPELLING_ERROR_0">PPC</span> Marketing Agencies will no longer have Ambassador accounts. Existing Ambassador account holders can keep what they have and use the logo. Bad news for advertisers.<br /><br />Here is the official letter;<br /><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">"Dear Current or Prospective Yahoo! Search Marketing Ambassador:</span><br /><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">The  Yahoo! Search Marketing Ambassador program was specifically developed to help  marketers drive sales leads to their clients. For the last four years, Yahoo!  has made an effort to enhance the program to provide the greatest added value to  our users. After a thorough evaluation of the program, we have decided to  discontinue the program.</span><br /><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">The Ambassador Program, except for the limited  use of the Ambassador Logo as noted below, shall be terminated as of September  30, 2008.</span><br /><br /><b style="font-style: italic;">For Prospective Ambassadors</b><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">Yahoo! stopped accepting  new registrations to be an Ambassador on April 29, 2008. Ambassadors with  pending certification have until July 31, 2008 to qualify to become an  Ambassador.</span><br /><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">If you have registered but not yet obtained certification to  be an Ambassador, you have until July 31, 2008 to complete the training and take  the test to become eligible to be an Ambassador. Once certified, landing pages  will be delivered to new Ambassadors no later than August 31,  2008.</span><br /><br /><b style="font-style: italic;">For Current Ambassadors and Prospective Ambassadors Who Become  Certified</b><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">Ambassador commissions will no longer be earned or paid for any  Managed Advertiser Account created on or after July 31, 2008. No Ambassador  commission will be earned by an Ambassador or paid by us for any Managed  Advertiser Account created on or after July 31, 2008. All Ambassadors that are  due payment of an Ambassador commission will be forwarded such payment no later  than September 30, 2008.</span><br /><br /><b style="font-style: italic;">The Ambassador Logo may Still be  Used</b><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">Ambassadors may continue to use the logo of the Ambassador Program  on their web sites only to exhibit their designation as an Ambassador by Yahoo!.  However, all other sales, marketing and promotions relating to the Yahoo! Search  Marketing Ambassador Program must cease effective July 31, 2008.</span><br /><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">New  Program Terms reflecting the above changes are set forth at</span><br /><a style="font-style: italic;" title="http://ysm.yahoo-email.com/a/hBIh3kHAdp951B7SDGbA3EORWfz/ysm1" href="http://ysm.yahoo-email.com/a/hBIh3kHAdp951B7SDGbA3EORWfz/ysm1">http://help.yahoo.com/l/us/yahoo/ysm/sps/start/overview_ambassador_directory.html</a><span style="font-style: italic;">,  or at such other location as we may designate.</span><br /><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">We thank you for your  support, dedication and participation in the Ambassador Program, and for your  business with Yahoo! Search Marketing. For further information on these changes,  please contact us at </span><a style="font-style: italic;" title="mailto:ambassadors-ysm@yahoo-inc.com" href="mailto:ambassadors-ysm@yahoo-inc.com">ambassadors-ysm@yahoo-inc.com.</a><br /><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">Sincerely,</span><br /><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">Your  Partners at Yahoo! Search Marketing"</span>
